added Bradley-Terry models (#36)
cran-task-views/MixedModels: MixedModels.md

- [**Additive models**]{#additive-models} (models incorporating smooth functional components such as regression splines or Gaussian processes): `r pkg("gamm4")`, `r pkg("mgcv")`, `r pkg("brms", priority = "core")`, `r pkg("lmeSplines")`, `r pkg("bamlss")`, `r pkg("gamlss")`, `r github("Biometris/LMMsolver")`, `r pkg("R2BayesX")`, `r pkg("GLMMRR")`.
- **Big data/distributed computation**: `r pkg("lmmpar")`, `r pkg("mbest")`. See also [MixedModels.jl](https://juliastats.org/MixedModels.jl/dev/) (Julia), [diamond](https://github.com/stitchfix/diamond) (Python).
- **Bioinformatics/quantitative genetics**: `r pkg("MCMC.qpcr")`, `r pkg("QGglmm")`, `r pkg("CpGassoc")` (methylation studies).  

> - **Bradley-Terry models**: The Bradley-Terry model can be parameterized as a special case of the GLMM with multiple membership and fitted with `r github("jvparidon/lmerMultiMember")`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Bradley-Terry models**: The Bradley-Terry model can be parameterized as a special case of the [GLMM with multiple membership](#multimembership-models). `r github("jvparidon/lmerMultiMember")` provides convenience functions for expressing the Bradley-Terry model.
```
